Here is your Step-by-Step Guide to Completing Challenge 0: Simple NFT.

Phase 1: Setup Your "Builder Station"
Before you can start, you need the right tools installed on your computer (Mac, Windows, or Linux).

Install Node.js (v18 or higher): Download it from nodejs.org.

Install Yarn: Open your terminal (Command Prompt or Terminal) and type: npm install -g yarn

Install Git: Download it from git-scm.com.

Have a Wallet: Ensure you have Metamask installed and some Sepolia ETH (Testnet ETH). You can get this from the Alchemy Sepolia Faucet.

Phase 2: Complete Challenge 0 (Simple NFT)
This challenge proves you can deploy a contract and a frontend app.

Step 1: Download the Challenge
Open your terminal/command prompt and run these commands one by one:

Bash
npx create-eth@latest -e challenge-tokenization challenge-0
(This downloads the "Challenge 0" template).

Then move into that folder:

Bash
cd challenge-0
Step 2: Start Your Local Blockchain
You need 3 separate terminal windows open for this to work smoothly.

Terminal 1 (The Chain): Run this command to start a fake blockchain on your computer.

Bash
yarn chain
Step 3: Deploy Your Contract
Terminal 2 (The Deployer): First, deploy your smart contract to your local chain.

Bash
yarn deploy
(If it works, you will see a "Deployed at 0x..." message).

Step 4: Start the Frontend App
Terminal 3 (The App): Start the website interface.

Bash
yarn start
Now, open your browser and go to http://localhost:3000. You should see the Speed Run Ethereum app running locally!

Step 5: "Mint" an NFT
On http://localhost:3000, connect your wallet (use the "Burner Wallet" created automatically in the top right, or your own).

Click the "Mint NFT" button on the page.

Go to the "My NFTs" tab to see it.

Congratulations! You have completed the coding part locally.

Phase 3: Deploy to Public Testnet (The Real Task)
To get points, you must put this on the public internet, not just your local computer.

Step 1: Configure Your Wallet
Open the file packages/hardhat/.env in a code editor (like VS Code).

Find DEPLOYER_PRIVATE_KEY and paste the private key of a wallet that has Sepolia ETH. (Be careful never to share this key publicly!).

Step 2: Deploy to Sepolia
In your Terminal 2, run:

Bash
yarn deploy --network sepolia
(This puts your contract on the real Sepolia testnet).

Step 3: Deploy Your App
Now you need to put the website online.

Bash
yarn vercel
(This will ask you to log in to Vercel and will give you a public URL like https://challenge-0-yourname.vercel.app).

Phase 4: Submit & Claim Points
Go to SpeedRunEthereum.com.

Connect the SAME wallet you use for Talent Protocol.

Find Challenge 0: Simple NFT.

Enter your Deployed App URL (the Vercel link) and your Contract Address (from Step 2).

Click Submit.

Final Step: Wait about 10–15 minutes, then go back to Talent Protocol > BuidlGuidl Card and click Refresh. Your score will go up!

How to "Complete All Tasks"
You asked how to complete all tasks. The process is the exact same for every challenge:

Download: npx create-eth@latest -e challenge-staking challenge-1 (Change the name for each challenge).

Code: Follow the instructions on the page to edit the solidity file (e.g., Staker.sol).

Test: yarn chain -> yarn deploy -> yarn start.

Deploy: yarn deploy --network sepolia -> yarn vercel.

Submit: Paste links on SpeedRunEthereum.com.y.


